---
tags:
  - daily-note
  - scribbles
---

    <strong>Job Description<br /><br /></strong><strong>Job Description<br /><br /></strong><strong>Senior Unity
        Developer<br /><br /></strong>Located in San Diego, CA, Foresight Sports is a designer and manufacturer of
    performance analysis and game enhancement technologies. Our products include launch monitors, simulators,
    performance/entertainment software, and smart mobility solutions for a variety of sports and games. We are
    recognized by equipment manufacturers, top professional golfers, and media outlets as the industry leader in
    performance measurement systems. Foresight Sports is a total technology provider, with more than 15,000 GC launch
    monitors and golf simulation solutions in use in retail stores, driving ranges, commercial facilities, and homes
    worldwide. With engineering, manufacturing, and quality-assurance teams all located under one roof, Foresight Sports
    offers complete, vertically integrated solutions for every segment of the market.<br /><br />We are seeking an
    experienced <strong>Senior Unity Developer</strong> to join our talented team!<br /><br /><strong>General
        Purpose<br /><br /></strong>
    <ul>
        <li>Technical lead for the FSX Pro team<br /><br /></li>
    </ul><strong>Principal Duties And Responsibilities<br /><br /></strong>
    <ul>
        <li>Transform design specifications into functional games</li>
        <li>Design, develop, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code</li>
        <li>Optimize game performance to run efficiently on specified hardware requirements</li>
        <li>Manage build and release pipelines for games</li>
        <li>Develop and deploy games on multiple platforms and form factors</li>
        <li>Identify process and application bottlenecks and bugs</li>
        <li>Establish and document coding standards and guidelines</li>
        <li>Provide technical leadership and mentorship to junior and mid-level game developers<br /><br /></li>
    </ul><strong>Requirements/Qualifications<br /><br /></strong>
    <ul>
        <li>Min. 5 years experience delivering commercial games</li>
        <li>Strong background in C# and game development using the Unity game engine</li>
        <li>Cross-platform game development experience on desktop, tablet, and mobile</li>
        <li>Practical knowledge of OOP/OOD and best programming practices</li>
        <li>Experience with scripting, textures, animation, GUI styles, and user session management</li>
        <li>Experience working with game physics</li>
        <li>Proficient knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN, and Perforce</li>
        <li>Strong written and oral communication skills<br /><br /></li>
    </ul><strong>Minimum Education Required<br /><br /></strong>
    <ul>
        <li>Bachelor of Science or equivalent<br /><br /></li>
    </ul><strong>Years Of Experience<br /><br /></strong>
    <ul>
        <li>5-7<br /><br /></li>
    </ul><strong>Pay Range:<br /><br /></strong>$118,200.00 - $185,000.00<br /><br />The actual annual salary offered to
    a candidate will be based on variables including experience, geographic location, education, and
    skills/achievements, and will be mutually agreed upon at the time of offer.<br /><br />We offer a highly competitive
    salary, comprehensive benefits including: medical and dental, vision, disability and life insurance, 401-K, PTO,
    tuition reimbursement, gear discounts and the ability to add value to an exciting mission!<br /><br />Our Postings
    are not intended for distribution to or use in any jurisdiction, country or territory where such distribution or use
    would violate local law or would subject us to any regulations in another jurisdiction, country or territory. We
    reserve the right to limit our Postings in any jurisdiction, country or territory.<br /><br />Equal Opportunity
    Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veteran/Disabled<br /><br /><strong>About
        Us<br /><br /></strong><strong>Located in San Diego, CA, Foresight Sports is a designer and manufacturer of
        performance analysis and game enhancement technologies. Our products include launch monitors, simulators,
        performance/entertainment software, and smart mobility solutions for a variety of sports and games. We are
        recognized by equipment manufacturers, top professional golfers, and media outlets as the industry leader in
        performance measurement systems. Foresight Sports is a total technology provider, with more than 60,000 GC
        launch monitors and golf simulation solutions in use in retail stores, driving ranges, commercial facilities,
        and homes worldwide. With engineering, manufacturing, and quality-assurance teams all located under one roof,
        Foresight Sports offers complete, vertically integrated solutions for every segment of the
        market.<br /><br /></strong>Foresight Sports and its affiliates are an equal opportunity employer. All
    applicants are considered for employment without regard race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity,
    national origin, disability, veteran status, and any other characteristics protected by law. The EEO Law poster is
    available here: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf<br /><br />If you need a reasonable
    accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to
    careers@vistaoutdoor.com. Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Foresight Sports
    and its affiliates will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.<br /><br /><strong>Company
        Description<br /><br /></strong>Learn more about Foresight Sports at www.foresightsports.com<br /><br />Learn
    more about Foresight Sports at www.foresightsports.com
